---
title: My Next Blog Post
date: 2018-05-19
---
Enjoy the Cat Ipsum. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard cat mojo and cats go for world domination but you call this cat food rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody pounce on unsuspecting person knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish or meow meow but proudly present butt to human. Sleep everywhere, but not in my bed meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans and it's 3am, time to create some chaos jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves yet hate dog, for poop in the plant pot the dog smells bad. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff for sleep on keyboard. Sit by the fire sit by the fire flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower for spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) make meme, make cute face meowzer roll on the floor purring your whiskers off and eat and than sleep on your face and russian blue. Thug cat . Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty but roll over and sun my belly wake up human for food at 4am. Chase ball of string. Purr when being pet hack, or milk the cow for sit and stare for stare at guinea pigs proudly present butt to human. Human give me attention meow. Twitch tail in permanent irritation allways wanting food sit by the fire. Decide to want nothing to do with my owner today meow show belly open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!. If human is on laptop sit on the keyboard lick butt you call this cat food for jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, so meow all night yet cats secretly make all the worlds muffins vommit food and eat it again. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human play time. Why must they do that jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, but stares at human while pushing stuff off a table.
